README.md, before:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

Based on this [Udacity Project 3 rubric](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud015/l-3072058665/m-3072588797).

Instructions
============

The game can be found online at [Frogger](https://randalp.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game).

The aim of the game is use the cursor keys to cross from the grass to the water, while avoiding collisions with the bugs. When all lives are lost, the game is over. After every 10 successful crossings, you get a new life, but you will need it because the bugs speed up with every successful crossing!

While you're on the grass, you can change the player's image by pressing space bar to cycle through the available images.

The high score and last selected player image are saved at the end of the game.

References
==========

[WebPlatform](https://www.webplatform.org/)

[HTML5 Game Development dot com](http://www.html5gamedevelopment.com/html5-game-tutorials/2013-12-developing-html5-games-1hr-video-presentation)

[Piazza Discussions](https://piazza.com/class/i36sqlrb9xu332?cid=182)

[Udacity HTML5 Game Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs255/)

Commit message:

Add extra enemy bug every 10 crossings (when you get a new life). Tweak the starting position of bugs after resets. Add more documentation.

README.md, after:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game
===============================

Based on this [Udacity Project 3 rubric](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud015/l-3072058665/m-3072588797).


The game can be found online at [Game](https://randalp.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game).
Documentation for the javascript can be found at [Documentation](https://randalp.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game/out).

Instructions
============

The aim of the game is use the cursor keys to cross from the grass to the water, while avoiding collisions with the bugs. Every collision costs a life and when all lives are lost, the game is over. Every time you cross, the bugs speed up.

After every 10 successful crossings, you get a new life, but you will need it because you also earn a new enemy!

While you're on the grass, you can change the player's image by pressing space bar to cycle through the available images.

The high score and last selected player image are saved at the end of the game.

References
==========

[WebPlatform dot org](https://www.webplatform.org/)

[HTML5 Game Development dot com](http://www.html5gamedevelopment.com/html5-game-tutorials/2013-12-developing-html5-games-1hr-video-presentation)

[Piazza Discussions](https://piazza.com/class/i36sqlrb9xu332?cid=182)

[Udacity HTML5 Game Development](https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-cs255/)
